[Freshness] US-1953530: Refresh top articles by PV - .NET and Languages Content (3) (#30093)
dotnet/docs: docs/standard/datetime/converting-between-datetime-and-offset.md

Although the <xref:System.DateTimeOffset> structure provides a greater degree of time zone awareness than the <xref:System.DateTime> structure, <xref:System.DateTime> parameters are used more commonly in method calls. Because of this approach, the ability to convert <xref:System.DateTimeOffset> values to <xref:System.DateTime> values and vice versa is important. This article shows how to perform these conversions in a way that preserves as much time zone information as possible.

> [!NOTE]
> Both the <xref:System.DateTime> and the <xref:System.DateTimeOffset> types have some limitations when representing times in time zones. With its <xref:System.DateTime.Kind%2A> property, <xref:System.DateTime> is able to reflect only Coordinated Universal Time (UTC) and the system's local time zone. <xref:System.DateTimeOffset> reflects a time's offset from UTC, but it doesn't reflect the actual time zone to which that offset belongs. For more information about time values and support for time zones, see [Choosing Between DateTime, DateTimeOffset, TimeSpan, and TimeZoneInfo](choosing-between-datetime.md).

## Conversions from DateTime to DateTimeOffset

> The <xref:System.DateTimeOffset> structure provides two equivalent ways to perform <xref:System.DateTime> to <xref:System.DateTimeOffset> conversion that's suitable for most conversions:

Author: OK, updated it.

## Conversions from DateTimeOffset to DateTime

The <xref:System.DateTimeOffset.DateTime%2A> property is most commonly used to perform <xref:System.DateTimeOffset> to <xref:System.DateTime> conversion. However, it returns a <xref:System.DateTime> value whose <xref:System.DateTime.Kind%2A> property is <xref:System.DateTimeKind.Unspecified>, as the following example illustrates:

[!code-csharp[System.DateTimeOffset.Conceptual.Conversions#5](../../../samples/snippets/csharp/VS_Snippets_CLR_System/system.DateTimeOffset.Conceptual.Conversions/cs/Conversions.cs#5)]
[!code-vb[System.DateTimeOffset.Conceptual.Conversions#5](../../../samples/snippets/visualbasic/VS_Snippets_CLR_System/system.DateTimeOffset.Conceptual.Conversions/vb/Conversions.vb#5)]

> The preceding example shows that any information about the <xref:System.DateTimeOffset> value's relationship to UTC is lost by the conversion when the <xref:System.DateTimeOffset.DateTime%2A> property is used. This process also affects <xref:System.DateTimeOffset> values that correspond to UTC time or to the system's local time because the <xref:System.DateTimeOffset.DateTime%2A> structure reflects only those two time zones in its <xref:System.DateTime.Kind%2A> property.

Author: Ok, updated it.

[!code-csharp[System.DateTimeOffset.Conceptual.Conversions#3](../../../samples/snippets/csharp/VS_Snippets_CLR_System/system.DateTimeOffset.Conceptual.Conversions/cs/Conversions.cs#3)]
[!code-vb[System.DateTimeOffset.Conceptual.Conversions#3](../../../samples/snippets/visualbasic/VS_Snippets_CLR_System/system.DateTimeOffset.Conceptual.Conversions/vb/Conversions.vb#3)]

If the <xref:System.DateTime> value reflects the date and time in something other than the local time zone or UTC, you can convert it to a <xref:System.DateTimeOffset> value and preserve its time zone information by calling the overloaded <xref:System.DateTimeOffset.%23ctor%2A> constructor. For example, the following example instantiates a <xref:System.DateTimeOffset> object that reflects Central Standard Time:

[!code-csharp[System.DateTimeOffset.Conceptual.Conversions#4](../../../samples/snippets/csharp/VS_Snippets_CLR_System/system.DateTimeOffset.Conceptual.Conversions/cs/Conversions.cs#4)]
[!code-vb[System.DateTimeOffset.Conceptual.Conversions#4](../../../samples/snippets/visualbasic/VS_Snippets_CLR_System/system.DateTimeOffset.Conceptual.Conversions/vb/Conversions.vb#4)]

> The second parameter to this constructor overload is a <xref:System.TimeSpan> object. This object represents the time's offset from UTC that should be retrieved by calling the <xref:System.TimeZoneInfo.GetUtcOffset%28System.DateTime%29?displayProperty=nameWithType> method of the time's corresponding time zone. The method's single parameter is the <xref:System.DateTime> value that represents the date and time to be converted. If the time zone supports daylight saving time, this parameter allows the method to determine the appropriate offset for that particular date and time.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The second parameter to this constructor overload is a <xref:System.TimeSpan> object that represents the time's offset from UTC. Retrieve it by calling the <xref:System.TimeZoneInfo.GetUtcOffset%28System.DateTime%29?displayProperty=nameWithType> method of the time's corresponding time zone. The method's single parameter is the <xref:System.DateTime> value that represents the date and time to be converted. If the time zone supports daylight saving time, this parameter allows the method to determine the appropriate offset for that particular date and time.
```

Author: Ok, updated the content.

## Conversions from DateTimeOffset to DateTime

The <xref:System.DateTimeOffset.DateTime%2A> property is most commonly used to perform <xref:System.DateTimeOffset> to <xref:System.DateTime> conversion. However, it returns a <xref:System.DateTime> value whose <xref:System.DateTime.Kind%2A> property is <xref:System.DateTimeKind.Unspecified>, as the following example illustrates:

[!code-csharp[System.DateTimeOffset.Conceptual.Conversions#5](../../../samples/snippets/csharp/VS_Snippets_CLR_System/system.DateTimeOffset.Conceptual.Conversions/cs/Conversions.cs#5)]
[!code-vb[System.DateTimeOffset.Conceptual.Conversions#5](../../../samples/snippets/visualbasic/VS_Snippets_CLR_System/system.DateTimeOffset.Conceptual.Conversions/vb/Conversions.vb#5)]

> The preceding example shows that any information about the <xref:System.DateTimeOffset> value's relationship to UTC is lost by the conversion when the <xref:System.DateTimeOffset.DateTime%2A> property is used. This process also affects <xref:System.DateTimeOffset> values that correspond to UTC time or the system's local time because the <xref:System.DateTimeOffset.DateTime%2A> structure reflects only those two time zones in its <xref:System.DateTime.Kind%2A> property.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The preceding example shows that any information about the <xref:System.DateTimeOffset> value's relationship to UTC is lost by the conversion when the <xref:System.DateTimeOffset.DateTime%2A> property is used. This behavior also affects <xref:System.DateTimeOffset> values that correspond to UTC time or the system's local time because the <xref:System.DateTimeOffset.DateTime%2A> structure reflects only those two time zones in its <xref:System.DateTime.Kind%2A> property.
```

Author: Ok, updated the content.

[!code-csharp[System.DateTimeOffset.Conceptual.Conversions#6](../../../samples/snippets/csharp/VS_Snippets_CLR_System/system.DateTimeOffset.Conceptual.Conversions/cs/Conversions.cs#6)]
[!code-vb[System.DateTimeOffset.Conceptual.Conversions#6](../../../samples/snippets/visualbasic/VS_Snippets_CLR_System/system.DateTimeOffset.Conceptual.Conversions/vb/Conversions.vb#6)]

The following code uses the <xref:System.DateTimeOffset.UtcDateTime%2A> property to perform both a time zone conversion and a type conversion on a <xref:System.DateTimeOffset> value:

[!code-csharp[System.DateTimeOffset.Conceptual.Conversions#12](../../../samples/snippets/csharp/VS_Snippets_CLR_System/system.DateTimeOffset.Conceptual.Conversions/cs/Conversions.cs#12)]
[!code-vb[System.DateTimeOffset.Conceptual.Conversions#12](../../../samples/snippets/visualbasic/VS_Snippets_CLR_System/system.DateTimeOffset.Conceptual.Conversions/vb/Conversions.vb#12)]

### Converting a local time

> To indicate that a <xref:System.DateTimeOffset> value represents the local time, you can pass the <xref:System.DateTime> value returned by the <xref:System.DateTimeOffset.DateTime%2A?displayProperty=nameWithType> property to the `static` (`Shared` in Visual Basic) <xref:System.DateTime.SpecifyKind%2A> method. The method returns the date and time passed to it as its first parameter, but sets the <xref:System.DateTime.Kind%2A> property to the value specified by its second parameter. The following code uses the <xref:System.DateTime.SpecifyKind%2A> method when converting a <xref:System.DateTimeOffset> value whose offset corresponds to that of the local time zone:

Author: Ok, updated it.

[!code-vb[System.DateTimeOffset.Conceptual.Conversions#7](../../../samples/snippets/visualbasic/VS_Snippets_CLR_System/system.DateTimeOffset.Conceptual.Conversions/vb/Conversions.vb#7)]

You can also use the <xref:System.DateTimeOffset.LocalDateTime%2A?displayProperty=nameWithType> property to convert a <xref:System.DateTimeOffset> value to a local <xref:System.DateTime> value. The <xref:System.DateTime.Kind%2A> property of the returned <xref:System.DateTime> value is <xref:System.DateTimeKind.Local>. The following code uses the <xref:System.DateTimeOffset.LocalDateTime%2A?displayProperty=nameWithType> property when converting a <xref:System.DateTimeOffset> value whose offset corresponds to that of the local time zone:

[!code-csharp[System.DateTimeOffset.Conceptual.Conversions#10](../../../samples/snippets/csharp/VS_Snippets_CLR_System/system.DateTimeOffset.Conceptual.Conversions/cs/Conversions.cs#10)]
[!code-vb[System.DateTimeOffset.Conceptual.Conversions#10](../../../samples/snippets/visualbasic/VS_Snippets_CLR_System/system.DateTimeOffset.Conceptual.Conversions/vb/Conversions.vb#10)]

> When you retrieve a <xref:System.DateTime> value using the <xref:System.DateTimeOffset.LocalDateTime%2A?displayProperty=nameWithType> property, the property's `get` accessor first converts the <xref:System.DateTimeOffset> value to UTC, then converts it to local time by calling the <xref:System.DateTimeOffset.ToLocalTime%2A> method. This process shows that you can retrieve a value from the <xref:System.DateTimeOffset.LocalDateTime%2A?displayProperty=nameWithType> property to perform a time zone conversion at the same time while you perform a type conversion. It also means that the local time zone's adjustment rules are applied in performing the conversion. The following code illustrates the use of the <xref:System.DateTimeOffset.LocalDateTime%2A?displayProperty=nameWithType> property to perform both a type and a time zone conversion. The sample output is for a machine set to the Pacific Time Zone (US and Canada). The November date is Pacific Standard Time, which is UTC-8, while the June date is Daylight Savings Time, which is UTC-7.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you retrieve a <xref:System.DateTime> value using the <xref:System.DateTimeOffset.LocalDateTime%2A?displayProperty=nameWithType> property, the property's `get` accessor first converts the <xref:System.DateTimeOffset> value to UTC, then converts it to local time by calling the <xref:System.DateTimeOffset.ToLocalTime%2A> method. This behavior means that you can retrieve a value from the <xref:System.DateTimeOffset.LocalDateTime%2A?displayProperty=nameWithType> property to perform a time zone conversion at the same time that you perform a type conversion. It also means that the local time zone's adjustment rules are applied in performing the conversion. The following code illustrates the use of the <xref:System.DateTimeOffset.LocalDateTime%2A?displayProperty=nameWithType> property to perform both a type and a time zone conversion. The sample output is for a machine set to the Pacific Time Zone (US and Canada). The November date is Pacific Standard Time, which is UTC-8, while the June date is Daylight Savings Time, which is UTC-7.
```

Author: Ok, updated the content.

[!code-csharp[System.DateTimeOffset.Conceptual.Conversions#8](../../../samples/snippets/csharp/VS_Snippets_CLR_System/system.DateTimeOffset.Conceptual.Conversions/cs/Conversions.cs#8)]
[!code-vb[System.DateTimeOffset.Conceptual.Conversions#8](../../../samples/snippets/visualbasic/VS_Snippets_CLR_System/system.DateTimeOffset.Conceptual.Conversions/vb/Conversions.vb#8)]

The following example calls the `ConvertFromDateTimeOffset` method to convert <xref:System.DateTimeOffset> values that represent a UTC time, a local time, and a time in the U.S. Central Standard Time zone.

[!code-csharp[System.DateTimeOffset.Conceptual.Conversions#9](../../../samples/snippets/csharp/VS_Snippets_CLR_System/system.DateTimeOffset.Conceptual.Conversions/cs/Conversions.cs#9)]
[!code-vb[System.DateTimeOffset.Conceptual.Conversions#9](../../../samples/snippets/visualbasic/VS_Snippets_CLR_System/system.DateTimeOffset.Conceptual.Conversions/vb/Conversions.vb#9)]

> [!NOTE]

> > The code makes the following two assumptions that depend on the application and the source of its date and time values, which might not always be valid:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> The code makes the following two assumptions that, depending on the application and the source of its date and time values, might not always be valid:
```

Author: Ok, updated the content.

[!code-csharp[System.DateTimeOffset.Conceptual.Conversions#8](../../../samples/snippets/csharp/VS_Snippets_CLR_System/system.DateTimeOffset.Conceptual.Conversions/cs/Conversions.cs#8)]
[!code-vb[System.DateTimeOffset.Conceptual.Conversions#8](../../../samples/snippets/visualbasic/VS_Snippets_CLR_System/system.DateTimeOffset.Conceptual.Conversions/vb/Conversions.vb#8)]

The following example calls the `ConvertFromDateTimeOffset` method to convert <xref:System.DateTimeOffset> values that represent a UTC time, a local time, and a time in the U.S. Central Standard Time zone.

[!code-csharp[System.DateTimeOffset.Conceptual.Conversions#9](../../../samples/snippets/csharp/VS_Snippets_CLR_System/system.DateTimeOffset.Conceptual.Conversions/cs/Conversions.cs#9)]
[!code-vb[System.DateTimeOffset.Conceptual.Conversions#9](../../../samples/snippets/visualbasic/VS_Snippets_CLR_System/system.DateTimeOffset.Conceptual.Conversions/vb/Conversions.vb#9)]

> [!NOTE]

> > The code makes following two assumptions that depends on the application and the source of its date and time values, might not always be valid:

Author: OK, updated it.
